Phrase "log out" can be confusing in this doc (#3121)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/cypress-api/cookies.md

`Cookies.preserveOnce()` and `Cookies.defaults()` enable you to control Cypress' cookie behavior.

> `Cookies.debug()` enables you to log (to the console) whenever any cookies are modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Cookies.debug()` enables you to generate logs to the console whenever any cookies are modified.
```
